The Joe Rogan experience. Do you eat healthy? Uh, I.
Am now, sometimes you are now. I know I lost I'm down 21 pounds. Really? Yeah.
But.
What'd you do pretty big.
I went to the cardiologist and he was like, this is done really? And he is like,
Hey man, you're getting a fatty liver.
I heard you talking with the black stripes. Yes.
That white stripes or the white? No, not the white stripes, keys, keys,
black keys.
You're getting always with the black and the white. You' kidding. So he,
the racist comic. Keep that going. It's done.
It's it's the worst. You're the funny, funny.
Can't wait to, we give a nickname. You have a.
He liver legitimately. No, no. He fatty.
Liver. He said it's at the beginning. He's said you,
because he'd been testing my livers every nine months.
You've been having a heart attack for.
The last wait months. You're that's no joke. You lost how much? 21 pounds.
That's crazy. In the, in the last, how long in.
One month are you down below the, I didn't drink a big thing. I drink and I,
and I go to hot spin every day and I was home. And so I wasn to hot spin.
So it's like hot yoga, but you're spinning. Yeah.
They have a heat on it's like hundred something degrees. It's awesome. Wow,
dude. Yeah, I took, uh, shops.
It called like hotpen justqua hot spin the sweat shop in salluga lake.
A sweat shop with a twope in E yeah. It's called appropriating slave labor.
It is sweat shop for, for some rich suburban people to wait.
How exercise cause sweat. Up's a real thing as part someone's history.
And you would never heard understand why dont you be quiet. Tell,
let the black people talk here. Tell ma <laugh>. Yeah.
So you've been going to that and wait, what did the doctor say?
Will you say what he said? Yeah. Is that yeah. So he said you got a fatty? No.
He, he goes, he did a sonogram of my, but my organs, every time he does like a,
a of gram of, yeah, it's cool. He said your, he goes,
your liver's looking fatty. I said, do I? I like, is that from drinking?
He goes, no, it's cuz you're 258 pounds. And he is like,
it's the most common thing I see when I go and work as a doctor for like
clinics. Mm-hmm <affirmative> as like just donate his time. He goes,
everyone's got a fatty lit. It's just the,
and that is the cause of the beginning of your, of your decline for your health.
And I went, whoa, I just, it freaks me out. And I was like, all right, no booze,
no, no sweets, no sugars, no pasta, no breads. And I was like, I'm lose.
I'm gonna lose weight. So you you't.
Drink boo you for a month? No, I, I had.
Like a couple drinks. No.
No I know, but for me, for me,
no drinking. And I decided we're gonna set this up. Like,
like when the Navy seals get to ring the bell to quit,
we're gonna set this place up with ice and vodka. True.
I'm gonna just leave it all out on the table. I.
Could, I could easily tap out first day. Well, we were.
First thing you have the most to gain by quitting that's. Well,
we were thinking that we kind of cheated by smoking cigars. Well,
it's already done. We got high on these guys. We'.
I anyone' cheating. It's Ari's alcoholic kombucha. Well.
We were hoping that you guys were gonna tell us. I wanna one of those,
we already cheated and that's over <laugh> oh my God. It'd be lovely. Hey,
guess what? You're right. You're losers. It's over. Let',
I got a 12 o'clock.
Flight tonight. So you.
No sugar, no pasta, no booze or.
Very little booze. Very.
Little booze. That's great. What's very little. What's.
Very little, uh, Friday, Saturday, like I could do,
I could drink on Friday or Saturday, but how much did you drink on Fridays?
Not much cause of it because I get, I get super,
I get like the first two fridaysaturdayers I didn't drink you.
Post through. You were getting an IV.
Because oh, that, by the way way, did I tell you what happened?
That backfired all me big time. Why why'd you need it though? Let's start with,
let's start with, with Ari slipping. Me. Molly. Let, let's start there.
You slipped.
In Molly. Yeah.
Dude. What are you doing<laugh> what are you doing? How.
Much? It's enough. Interesting. How did you do it? Where was this? It.
Was at his house. It was on my house in front of my children. Oh, we had.
A, we had a shot safety. We had a shot before we started.
I had to empty outta a capsule and put it into a shot. Are you outta your mind?
Food<laugh>.
Are you outta your mind? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It was, it was great. No.
It wasn't. It was great. It.
Wasn't they're making me go on this stupid.
Yeah. It Joe, what kind of sociopath are we friends with?
He did it to punish me because.
I have to be sober. You don't give up Molly. You're only giving up alcohol.
I don't do Molly. Cuz I could just got back to the doctor and he said, Hey,
it's time to get healthy. I agree. And so yeah. I agree. You.
Don't think it's crazy that you would do that a bit?
<Laugh> yeah.
It's you're not doing it to like a, your college.
Roommate. You even get the Molly tested? Like where are you buying this Molly?
No, I' done it for my favorite Molly dealer. <laugh>'s Molly spikes.
His drink? Yeah.
Yeah. High.
Blood pressure or high curllesterol. I see out three guys. You're all.
I wouldn't want.
To kill you.
Want to kill you. He wanted to for about 10 minutes until the Molly kicked in,
then he was fine. Oh, when it, how fun was.
It? I's positives. It's Molly. You it's, I was only, I was,
I had to fly that night. I was on a plane going like when's this gonna stop?
Cause I didn't know that orange juice kicks it back up.
So I'm drinking orange juice. Kicks it back up. Vitaminsine.
I know you drinking a lot of.
Orange juice generally on the plane. I'm drinking.
Trying to get hydrated because I'm all Molly.
And so I'm drinking Titos and orange juice. <laugh> I, I.
I drink in Titos while you're on Molly.
Hey Joe, Joe parties pick Molly parties in. Okay. I didn't pick the Molly,
but you already knew you were on it. Yeah.
And I was having severe panic attacks cuz I'm like, I don't do Molly.
And I'm thinking that kid died from li Mexico. Which that comedy writer.
Oh yeah.
I don't think it was that he died from Molly and I'm sitting there going that's
the story? I 46, I got high blood pressure, high cholesterol. I'm on pain.
I'm on meds. It.
Was great. He's noticed how great his wife looked and he was like,
she's awesome. I've got a great.
Wife. Yep. I was.
Definitely on Molly through the window. <laugh>.
Like you're Def I'm I do you do.
This a lot. Do you spike.
Drinks? I've never done it before. Really? Yeah. The first time.
And what made you want to? Well,
cuz I don't really wanna do the sobriety things. You mean for the mud?
For the forced him to do a drug drug hard. So he's doing it for, for me. Yeah.
A fun, hard party drug. We had a great time.
Would you do that to Tom? Or would you only do that to Burr?
He said he'd do it. It to you. If this podcast was yesterday then yeah.
You would've all been dosed seriously. Yeah.
I said to him, you probably not do this to Joe. And he goes 100%. I would. Yeah.
This podcast was.
Yesterday. It wouldn't have broken up sobriety. Once I got the idea. Why.
Would you do it when you just offer it to us? Yeah. Why would you yeah. Why?
Why the.
Sprite? He wouldn't take it. No way. He'd take it. You,
I could offer it to you're a girl grown up. This is child.
You're not a grownup, but.
How mad, how mad would you be? If you got spiked, I'd be very.
Mad. <laugh> it' beat you at your house. It was.
Your last. I have something to do. The problem is if you have something to do,
that's go that's out the window. You were good. Thank.
You. We were planning drunk at the podcast. I was having.
To look at planning, having a couple drinks with you and then having leave,
getting you my house, having dinner with my children, relaxing,
getting on a plane and going on tour. instead<laugh> that's crap.
You had so much fun. I don't believe your fake anger. That's a real it's.
There's there's no fake anger in this. I was, it's a weird one.
Here's what I did. It was.
I wanna to be on your side with this a thank.
You. I appreciate it. I appreciate it. And the story. Thank you. No,
he said it's on my side. I heard that's not what I heard.
He said how much he likes being on my side. <laugh>.
Look, I would like to be on your side too, but I would be enraged in.
He called me. He said, he said, I'm gonna call to,
he's gonna be really mad at you. I'm like there's no,
Tom's gonna die laughing instantly. And he goes, no, he's gonna be mad at you.
<Laugh> how many times have you done Molly?
Me? Yeah. I don't think I've ever. No, none. Zero. Is he?
Yeah. You.
Couple when I was a kid. Yeah. Did ecstasy? Yeah.
I guess. Okay. So.
Once I've never done Molly. Yeah. I've never done Molly.
Molly's just PR ecstasy. Yeah. I've never done Molly. It's way better.
It's better for you. Have you?
Yeah. Once, uh, like.
Like, like you put the powder in.
Your lip or what? You just took pills. Yeah. Yeah. The, the,
the problem was the next day. Uh, thank you. I was so dumb the next day.
I remember being in a coffee shop,
trying to read a magazine mm-hmm <affirmative> and I, I couldn't read,
like I couldn't,
I couldn't take in a paragraph <laugh> I would try to read a paragraph and then
it would start over again and I would try to read it again.
You're outta your mind. What do you mean? Start over again. And then I,
and I bombed that night. I went on stage that night. You gotta.
Tour. I had to go on tour to what?
2,800 people that night on the next night on Molly. And I was like,
I're two shows' Molly.
Not Molly. 38.
Hours. I was, I was like coming off of drugs and I was like, I was like, mother,
like I was shaky. I couldn't think straight. And I was like, you can't.
Think straight? Yeah. Once you do get off that stuff, the thing is like,
you're dumb. Like you're, you're,
you're you're all your brain juice is all squeezed out. But you.
Don't think, I mean like you definitely would see that spiking.
A girl's drink is not okay. Right.
If it's for sex <laugh> yeah. Then it's not okay.
But it's just for goofs. For.
Goofs. Yeah. If your're friends, what? And the right circumstances. Absolutely.
What are the right? Listen.
Listen, bill. Hosby listen, bill. Yeah.
Let's you' little bit Dr. Hugs will over here. You're a little fun. You're.
Only pull sex into it. If it's just for fun, good times.
What is the right circumstances where you'd be able to drug.
Someone if a bunch of people are out and then everyone's gonna do acid and then,
uh, some parties always, somebody's always like,
kind of like expressed interest in acid mm-hmm <affirmative> and then you don't
know if they're gonna do it or not. So you're just like I'm I know you,
you would like this. You took some, I think, you know, it's not okay.
To do that. <laugh>.
I think, you know.
I take this, I'll tell you right now. I know you.
I know you regretted it after you did it the next day.
I think you felt bad about it. I.
Felt no. I felt, I thought it was.
Great. I thought it was cause so I noticed how you text and Tom did too.
You were like, Hey man, had a great time. The other day. yeah.
I told you what to take five HDP to go get some that's great.
Tabilizeer oh, nothing helped. So wait, this't take,
did all this lead to the IV? Is this what the IV? I like the IV.
Cause I was like, I was just, I was shaking and I was like, man,
I don't feel right. And they're like, you were on Molly last night.
You didn't sleep on the plane. I flew all through the night. Didn't sleep.
I was just like all through the night. Did it up your shows? Uh, I don't know.
I don't know. No, I don't think so. I mean, I, I, I, you pulled it together.
People think, I think people think I'm hammered on stage anyway. Hmm. And so,
but what happened was I couldn't the whole weekend.
I kept trying to just write the boat. I go and like,
and you can't do that without alcohol.
You just gotta do that by like getting off. And,
but it's my last weekend of sober October and it just,
that's why I'm like right now, I'm just like, well.
Are I'm sorry. No, you Don' believe him. I'm not sorry. I'm you really not?
I did it. Yeah. Are you serious? What a great podcast podcast. What if I,
that I'd be more sorry who's podcast.
Was it yours? Mine was great. I'm on Molly. Yeah.
I tell you the I'll tell you. I will never, I love, love this man. Joey Diaz,
I called,
I called you to call then called you called then I called I'm panicking.
I'm in a panic. You called me. Yeah. I didn't get a call. I was on,
I was on stage. Right. And then I called you back. Oh, okay.
After Tom called me back and then Joey Diaz, I said, are he just let me Molly?
And all he said is I'll be there in, ten'll be there. 10 minutes.
<laugh> he came to your house, came to the house, sat with me. He was like,
you be fine. Told the stories. You're gonna be fine. He just told stories.
The son was going over his shoulder and it was just setting.
It was so beautiful. J HES like a, it was like, he was like a God.
He definitely shouldn't.
Do that. Ari. Yeah. Okay. But talk about the good parts though. No, I, so it.
Was beautiful. You're like, you're like a guy that raped her. Like going. Yeah.
But you like Dick, right? <laugh> so the Dick was in you, you like in you.
So talking.
About way, it was with the, with the,
you were with the sun sitting behind Joey Diaz,
as he tells these stories of starting comedy. But he wants to <laugh>. I mean,
you.
Know what he's doing? Right. He's like, see, it was.
A good night. It was so great. It was.
So fun. I, I can't, I can't 't I can't co-sign this.
Cause I don't want kids hearing in this going, oh,
Ari did it Savage Ari Shafi no, no.
Do I gotta spike my friend's drunk please. Don't do it. Good point.
I can't co-sign it. I can't even release the podcast because I don't want,
I don't want anyone going like, cause I am in a good mood. I want Molly. Yeah.
I'm high as. You.
Don't want anyone getting an act? The represeation of what Molly does to.
You. I don't want kids. It's different. If I take you don't myself,
taking over a train either. The whole podcast is about you drugging me.
It's not about me taking Molly. I think you've expressed.
That you were against it on the podcast.
The views of this podcaster do not represent <laugh>.
Do you know how hard it is to be your friend? <laugh> you such a.
Good time idea. It was so great to see you all smiles.
You were such a good mood, but you never, you never doed anybody before,
but you chose to anybody that one moment to dose burrt yeah.
I realized how great it would be. I had to take would you.
For the same day,
if you went to Tom's house steel podcast and you had the Molly on you would've
dosed him. Okay. He wife'.
D says he, his wife's different Tom alone. Hasn't really,
I feel like he's not the reason I have to do this month of sobriety where I do
blame you a lot more.
Hmm. Then let's not do it. I'm down with. Cause I don't wanna be. Let's get,
I don't wanna be scared to be around you.
I'll you again? That's a one time only thing. Just get the ice.
That's a one time only fact. You gotta not.
Do that again, dude. No,
that's a lot I'm concerned with about leasing the podcast.
Cause I'm wondering if there's like, someone's gonna go that's that's illegal.
Let's call the plea. Like I' I'm there's.
Well, this podcast wouldn't exist. Wait.
That to be legality. This.
This podcast the entire time we were doing it,
we were smoking weed from the beginning of the podcast. 10 years ago. Yeah.
It was only, weed's only been legal since two years ago.
Tom, you laughed like crazy when you heard about it. Well.
I'm on the phone in a green room and he' is like ha or he spiked my drink.
I was like, he spiked my drink. Yeah. So I didn't,
I didn't know like really what was going. I didn't know. He was even serious.
I mean, I'm.
On the phone. He's got a hydro FLAS with his name on it. What?
Like a little kid machine, little kid'snotebook.
He was touching my drink. Turn, turn.
It to let me see. So we, you see, so like,
like a little kid with a notebook says birth CRO seventh grade. Yeah.
Croer yeah. He said he, we, we went, I went to the, I couldn't,
I couldn't be around my kids. I had to take a goodbye to my kids that night.
Hi as I go to my daughter's room and she's got these lasers that make stars on
her ceiling and you dancing, I'm blowing up. I'm just like, okay. <laugh>.
It's like, I'll turn it up. I go turn.
This up daughter. She gave me a hug and I was like, beaming. I was like,
I smelled her hair and I was like, God, I love you. That sounds awesome.
And I'm like, and in my head I'm like, I,
Joey said something to me that he goes, you would've already had your stroke.
Would've already happened.
Like Joey's a doctor. No, but.
But in those moments, in those moments, it out helps. It helps.
It's just panic attacks no matter. Right, right, right. Right. So give island,
Georgia hugs and kiss a goodbye. Give Leanne the longest kiss goodbye. And it's,
by the way, my flights don't me until midnight. And it's like seven o'clock.
I can't be in there. I can't be around them. Cause my I'm like talking quick.
I have big ideas. And so then I go to the store, wait, good.
Was a shower.
Shower was pretty amazing. Yeah. Right. <laugh> shower was pretty. I can't deny.
Molly's not amazing. It's just it's surprise the element. It's the surprise.
The, the come Down's not worth it. In my opinion.
Comedale's not worth it at all. And but then we went to the store.
What you do and just hung out. I just had to,
I needed to be somewhere and I couldn't just wait, wait at the airport. Yeah.
So the only place safe, like there. Yeah. The store.
So I sat at the store for like an hour drinking comedy store.
Yeah. The comedy store. Yeah. So you went on Molly to the comedy store?
Yeah. I just went there to hang out in the back room. He.
Came in all angry, like oh, mad at you.
And then davidade was there and he loves celebrities. I was like, what happened?
He's like, all right. It's a fun story. Let.
Me tell you. I did was killing in the green room.
You were kill was killing by the way,
I took it on stage and it destroyed on stage <laugh>. But.
But, but I, so you were high on Molly on stage? No, no, no, no. I, that.
Night, no. I told him about getting.
Oh, the next day told the next day, when you were doing your shows, I stage it'.
A bit, you guys were gonna see it sucks. Yeah. What I,
what am become a comedian? What am I gonna do with it? Just be of victim.
Lay in my tour. Bus. Talk to my.
The what if is that's good. You should do that. If you get raped.
What if that's the new, what if that's the new machine? It's.
I won't. It won't.
Be Hey man. Why? Why so? Negative. <laugh> because.
I i<laugh>. It's amazing. I go i<laugh>.
Maybe that's your new thing instead of like taking your shirt, able,
just spike your drink. Oh my God.
He just started going, how would.
You say that? Oh my God. No way. Do not do that.
Say not do that.
Say that I'm out. Do not do that outta this podcast. Do not do that.
Who spiked your drink? And he's like, don't say that. Don't do that.
It's hilarious. Yeah. You cannot. You can't accept drinks.
From anyone. It's a one time only thing.
No, not with our head fans. It.
Happens when I'm done. It's over everybody. That's done. I know.
I, you.
You have to apologize. That is a one time thing. I listen, I am sorry. I'm glad.
Had a great time with you, but I'm sorry. Had to come to me,
doing it behind your back.
Cut that thing off your wrist. But.
But, um, I'm glad we did it. It was so much fun. At some point he just goes,
he was like starting to get angry and then he goes, oh, you, I eyes are great.
Let me see those eyes. Beautiful eyes. Yeah.
Thanks. I was it wouldn't.
The world be a better place if everybody was on just a smidge. Yeah,
just a smiddge of Molly all the time. Probably a lot more empathetic.
World. I didn't even give him a full dose.
Call. Thanks man. You're.
Welcome. A half a dose. The.
Best two thirds. The best is he goes, I, we were in the,
a store and I'm talking to Tony hinchiff and I go,
he would've never have done it to anyone else. He only would've done it to me.
And he goes, that's not true. That's not true. I said,
would you do this to Rogan? He goes a hundred percent. If it was like,
he was together. It was all of us together. Yes, no, no.
You and Joe at his house, you wouldn't spike his drink and then go, Hey man,
if he forced me.
Into a thing where I had to give up things I love for a month <affirmative> then
yeah, he would've got it. Mm-hmm.
So a is, has been mad at you and I, I listen.
I'm probably the only one here besides him that listens to his podcast.
<laugh> you don't listen to his podcast. I do.
Ari gets furious at you bet for this.
Oh then let's stop. I'm you got me. You got.
Me bro. October. What doing with our lives. You get.
You really get mad at him for that. So mad. So mad. He got so mad was crazy.
It didn't even.
Do anything.
He drank just as much after October as before it never curved anything.
What are we still doing this for? He's.
He's got a point that the whole reason why we did it in the first place was to
try to sober you up. We didn't, we didn't.
Think be able to do it. He had no problem at all. Oh. So.
Are we announcing that on the 1st of October we're done with this?
<laugh> well, listen, no one has a problem here, except bet. I,
I like of all a glass of wine with, with dinner maybe too. Isn't it?
I like a shot. I like a shot of whiskey before I go on stage. That's nice to me.
I mean,
we occasionally have like a beer while I'm on stage watching the Yankees,
but I'm not a drinker in the sense of, I don't get drunk a lot. Yeah. I,
if I get drunk once a month, it's a crazy month,
like drunk and it's usually somewhere,
whether I'm like with you guys or something and we're just maybe a podcast.
We're just, we just start doing drinks. Yeah. Hang on. Do you just get like.
A little, I've always wondered that. Do you just get like a buzz? Like a little.
Buzz? Yeah. And then you're fine. Then I stop. Yeah, dude. I,
I work out too much. I'm too healthy. I'm I'm I, you know,
I'm getting up in the morning. Most mornings.
I'm either doing yoga or I'm running or I'm lifting weights and doing cardio.
I just, I, I can't take the beating the beating and, and at 52, it's not fun.
I.